{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f5\froman\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red255\green0\blue255;}
\deflang2057\pard\qc\plain\f2\fs40\cf1\b WORMS ARMAGEDDON
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 
\par SUPPLEMENTARY DOCUMENTATION
\par 
\par \pard\ri-37\qc\plain\f2\fs16 Version 1.0
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 WORMS ARMAGEDDON
\par Copyright \'a91999 Team17 Software Limited.
\par All rights reserved.
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Marketing & Distribution by MicroProse Software Ltd.
\par \plain\f2\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs16 Check the Worms website for details of support files, upgrades and patches.
\par You can find the site at http://WORMS.TEAM17.COM
\par \plain\f2\fs16\cf2\b Note: \plain\f2\fs16\cf2 All website support documentation is in English language only.\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs16 All Trademarks and Registered Trademarks comprised within this document are fully acknowledged.
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 
\par 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20\b Welcome \plain\f2\fs20 to WORMS ARMAGEDDON. We have worked very hard to try and include every last ounce of playability, options, features and cool ideas into this game, we hope that you enjoy it. 
\par 
\par Look out for Team17 players on WORMNET, the fantastic new Internet service for Worms Armageddon players. 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b Note: \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 If you intend connecting to \plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b WORMNET \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 then ensure that you \plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b enable your Internet TCP/IP connection prior to running the game\plain\f2\fs20\cf2  and close down any applications such as mail programs, web browsers and so on that may also be running to ensure maximum performance of the game over the Internet.\plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This document contains information about changes after the manual went for layout and print, last minute amendments and some extra features we bolted in at the last minute. \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If there's a particular item that isn't here and you need help, then consult the printed manual documentation for directions on how to contact us. If you're online, then try browsing our website initially prior to emailing us.\plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b Note:\plain\f2\fs20\cf2  Worms Armageddon uses DirectX 6 and is not currently compatible with Windows NT.\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs28\cf0\b CONTENTS
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs24 1.0\tab INSTALLATION ISSUES
\par 2.0\tab DIRECTX ISSUES
\par 3.0\tab CUSTOM GRAPHICS LEVELS
\par 4.0\tab IN-GAME MODIFICATIONS
\par 5.0\tab SPEECH BANKS
\par 6.0\tab CUSTOM BANNERS
\par 7.0\tab TROUBLESHOOTING
\par 8.0\tab NETWORK TROUBLESHOOTING
\par 9.0\tab CREDITS
\par 10.0\tab LEGAL NOTICES\plain\f2\fs24\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs24\cf0\b 1.0\tab INSTALLATION ISSUES\plain\f2\fs24\cf3\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Thank you for purchasing Worms Armageddon from Team17 Software Ltd and MicroProse Software Ltd. Whilst we prefer our game documentation to be as accurate as possible, it is unavoidable that late modifications are made and therefore we need to bring you up to date with this document. We recommend that you read this document fully to get the most recent information about key issues related to the installation and running of Worms Armageddon. This will enable you to get the maximum enjoyment from the game and ensure that you have trouble free play.
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i System Requirements\plain\f2\fs20\cf0\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 If you are experiencing any form of problem whatsoever with Worms Armageddon please ensure that your computer system complies with the minimum requirements for the program listed below.
\par 
\par If this is not the case you will most likely experience performance problems during and after the installation procedure. 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b Note:\plain\f2\fs20\cf2  The Worms Armageddon CD must be placed in your CD-ROM drive before commencing play.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li360\ri-37\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}IBM PC Intel Pentium\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  100Mhz and compatibles or faster. 150Mhz or faster recommended.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Microsoft\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  Windows 95\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2, \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Windows 98\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Microsoft\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  DirectX\'99 6 (supplied) or later.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}32Mb System RAM. 64Mb or more recommended.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}30Mb Hard Drive Space.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Double-speed CD-ROM. Quad-speed or faster recommended.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Microsoft\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  Mouse\'99 or compatible pointing device.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Microsoft\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  DirectX\'99 6 compatible 2Mb RAM SVGA videocard. 4Mb recommended.\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Microsoft\plain\f4\fs20\cf0 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  DirectX\'99 6 compatible soundcard (optional). 16-bit recommended.\plain\f2\fs20 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}28.8k modem (optional) or faster for connection to the Internet.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Local Area Network card (optional) for connection to LAN games.
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b Note:\plain\f2\fs20\cf2  If your system requires an update or a complete install of DirectX 6 this will require approximately 8-10Mb of hard drive space. This can vary and is solely dependent on the hardware components that are present within your system.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Customised Saved Settings
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 If for any reason you wish to uninstall Worms Armageddon, all custom made save files such as terrain, option and sound schemes will be retained within their respective designated folders and will have to be removed manually. Worms Armageddon Uninstall will only remove the program components that are specified within the original install procedure. Also the uninstalling of Worms Armageddon will not remove any installed DirectX components and these are retained as an extension to your Windows system.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Laptop Systems\plain\f2\fs20\cf0\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Because of the current wide variation of laptop system hardware configurations we cannot therefore guarantee full compatibility with all types that are available. This is especially true\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20  on systems with compacted keyboards that incorporate keys that are assigned with multiple functions.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i System Hardware Modification
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 When any alteration is made to your system hardware specifications we recommend that a reinstall of Worms Armageddon and DirectX is performed. This will ensure that no errors occur due to possible hardware conflicts. Please refer to the section on DirectX Issues later in this document.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Multiple CD-ROM Drive Configurations\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 On systems comprising multiple CD-ROM configurations we recommend that the installation of Worms Armageddon is performed from your primary CD drive. Most systems will comprise a sound line out connector cable from the primary CD drive that is attached to your soundcard for the playback of CD audio. 
\par 
\par If you are experiencing no playback of CD audio on a multiple CD-ROM system please check that your current CD drive letter within Windows CONTROL PANEL \\ MULTIMEDIA PROPERTIES \\ CD audio is configured correctly.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i 16bit MS-DOS CD-ROM Device Drivers
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 If you experience an error code prompt interruption during the installation procedure there may be a possibility that there is a conflict with MS-DOS CD-ROM device driver software. If this is the case then you will require an update to a 32bit Windows CD-ROM device driver to alleviate the problem. Consult your CD-ROM drive manufacturer regarding this or alternatively contact your hardware vendor.
\par 
\par \pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Power Saving Modes\tab 
\par \pard\tx0\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\plain\f2\fs20 Some systems incorporate power saving functions that may inadvertently interfere with the running of Worms Armageddon. It is therefore recommended to disable such functions as these prior to playing the game. 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\cf0\b 2.0\tab DIRECTX ISSUES
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 2.1\tab Microsoft\plain\f4\fs20\cf1\b\i \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i  DirectX\'99
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 DirectX from Microsoft is basically a program interface for creating and managing graphic images and multimedia effects in games such as Worms Armageddon and is required for the game to run correctly. The DirectX 6 installation program is supplied with Worms Armageddon to ensure that your computer system complies with the minimum requirements of the game.
\par 
\par DirectDraw and DirectSound (components of DirectX) are utilised by Worms Armageddon to handle video display and sound output respectively. If you encounter any video or sound related problems with your game then please confirm initially that you are using the very latest available drivers for your display or audio device to ensure complete compatibility. Please refer to the DXInfo and Windows 95/98 detailing later in this section for information on how to achieve this. 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 2.2\tab DirectX Installation and Microsoft Contact Information
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 DirectX is an extension to your existing operating system and is produced by Microsoft Corporation and is not a product of Team17 Software Ltd. During initial installation or an update of DirectX it may possibly affect the workings of other programs or hardware components you have within your system. This is in no way linked to Worms Armageddon 
\par but can be known to occur after DirectX install completes certain hardware driver updates. 
\par If you do encounter any problems whatsoever after a DirectX installation please refer to the Microsoft Corporation website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.microsoft.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  for further details.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b Note:\plain\f2\fs20\cf2  If you have a version of DirectX later than the one supplied with Worms Armageddon the more current DirectX files you have on your system will not be overwritten and will remain unaffected.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 2.3\tab DXInfo under DirectX 6 and Windows 95/98
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 This utility which is part of DirectX 6 will enable you to establish the individual hardware components of your computer system in order to verify their compatibility. If any of your components are non-compliant please contact your hardware manufacturer in the first instance for possible software driver updates.
\par 
\par \pard\li360\ri-37\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}From Windows 95/98 desktop open the folder labelled MY COMPUTER.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Open the folder for your primary hard drive C:\\.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Open the PROGRAM FILES \\ DIRECTX \\ SETUP subfolder.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Locate the icon labelled DXInfo and double-click on it with the left mouse button.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}After DXInfo has evaluated your system you will see a text box detailing your system information.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Locate the gadget SAVE CONFIG INFO and click on it to save this info as a text file (you will be prompted for a name to assign to this file and a destination folder).\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}View the file using the Notepad program located within your Windows START BAR \\ PROGRAMS \\ ACCESSORIES submenu.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}In the DXInfo text file the Display section indicates the version & date of your videocard drivers. If these indicate FINAL RETAIL and CERTIFIED respectively then your videocard is DirectX compliant.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}In the DXInfo text file the Sound section indicates the version and date of your soundcard drivers. If these indicate FINAL RETAIL and CERTIFIED respectively then your soundcard is DirectX compliant.\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li360\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}If your components are compliant and you are still experiencing problems it is most probable that the problem is not DirectX related. Please contact us for further advice in this case.
\par \pard\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20\cf0  
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 2.4\tab DirectDraw
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The DirectDraw component of DirectX controls how graphics are displayed within Worms Armageddon. Please find a collection of known problems listed below. 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i General Problems with DirectDraw\plain\f2\fs20 
\par When running the game the graphics seem to run at a very slow rate a possible conflict may have occurred with the video driver and hardware acceleration. Right click on MY COMPUTER and then left click on PROPERTIES and select the Performance Tab. Click on 'Graphics...' and reduce the acceleration down to 'none', click to accept the changes and restart the computer.
\par 
\par Alternatively in some cases the hardware acceleration on your system may be set to 'none' and may have actually disabled DirectDraw usage. In this case the acceleration level should be increased accordingly. 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Matrox Millennium\plain\f4\fs20\cf1\i \'e2 \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i videocards and DirectDraw
\par \plain\f2\fs20 There is a performance problem with some revisions of the Matrox drivers; this will be seen as a dramatic slowdown during play. In order to fix this problem select one of the other MGA drivers that are supplied with Windows. Otherwise it is highly likely that you will require a driver update. \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 For further details on this please visit their website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.matrox.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  
\par or alternatively contact your hardware vendor.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Hercules\plain\f4\fs20\cf1\i \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i  Dynamite videocards and DirectDraw
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 If you are experiencing video problems with your Hercules Dynamite card there is a possibility that the chipset or bios of the card is not fully compliant with DirectDraw. For further details on this please visit their website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.hercules.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  or alternatively contact your hardware vendor.
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Cirrus Logic\plain\f4\fs20\cf1\i \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i  chipset based videocards and DirectDraw
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 If you are experiencing video problems with your Cirrus Logic based card there is a possibility that the chipset or bios of the card is not fully compliant with DirectDraw. For further details on this please visit their website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.cirrus.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  or alternatively contact your hardware vendor.
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i SiS\plain\f4\fs20\cf1\i \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i  chipset based videocards and DirectDraw
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 If you are experiencing video problems with your SiS based card there is a possibility that the chipset or bios of the card is not fully compliant with DirectDraw. For further details on this please visit their website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.sis.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  or alternatively contact your hardware vendor.
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 2.5\tab DirectSound
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The DirectSound component of DirectX controls how sound is played within Worms Armageddon. Please find a collection of known problems listed below.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Aztech\plain\f4\fs20\cf1 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i  Sound Galaxy Washington 16 and DirectSound
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you are experiencing audio problems with this soundcard \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 there is a possibility that the software drivers for the card are not fully compliant with DirectSound. I\plain\f2\fs20 t is highly likely that you will require a driver update. \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 For further details on this please visit their website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.aztechca.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  or alternatively contact your hardware vendor.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i ESS\plain\f4\fs20\cf1 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i  chipset based soundcards and DirectSound
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you are experiencing audio problems with your ESS based soundcard \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 there is a possibility that the software drivers for the card are not fully compliant with DirectSound. I\plain\f2\fs20 t is highly likely that you will require a driver update. \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 For further details on this please contact your hardware vendor.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i OPTi\plain\f4\fs20\cf1 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i  chipset based soundcards and DirectSound
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you are experiencing audio problems with your OPTi based soundcard \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 there is a possibility that the software drivers for the card are not fully compliant with DirectSound. I\plain\f2\fs20 t is highly likely that you will require a driver update. \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 For further details on this please visit their website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.opti.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  or alternatively contact your hardware vendor.
\par 
\par \pard\qc\plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs24\b 3.0\tab CUSTOM GRAPHICS LEVELS
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Worms Armageddon\plain\f2\fs20  features an option to load an accepted standard graphics file into the Terrain Editor in order to make a completely new level to play on. Whilst the actual technical procedures of this process are fairly complex, we have endeavoured to make this as easy to achieve as is possible for the end user.
\par 
\par There are a number of rules to follow and a number of things you can keep in mind in order to ensure that your levels look and play as good as they can be.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Accepted Image Formats
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The editor will import the most commonly accepted image formats, including Bitmap, JPEG and Targa standard. These files must be of a compliant \plain\f2\fs20\b .bmp\plain\f2\fs20  \plain\f2\fs20\b .jpg\plain\f2\fs20  or \plain\f2\fs20\b .tga \plain\f2\fs20 file extension type and other than that there are no requirements to load your images in a special format.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Specified Image Size
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Whilst the pixel size of the terrain is \plain\f2\fs20\b 1920x696 \plain\f2\fs20 the size and proportion of your imported graphic is not important. The editor will shrink the file if it is larger, or offer to expand or centre it if it is smaller.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Transparency/Background Colour
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The \plain\f2\fs20\b most important\plain\f2\fs20  thing to note is that any pixel that is coloured \plain\f2\fs20\b black\plain\f2\fs20  (i.e. RGB 0,0,0) will be treated as transparent. It is these areas that will act as the background, where worms are placed and can move. 
\par 
\par You can edit the image you wish to import in any of the popular image processing applications, colouring \plain\f2\fs20\b black\plain\f2\fs20  any areas that you wish to appear as transparent/background in the game. This way, you can clear sections, add tunnels and more besides. It is important to note that the game will check levels and make it's own holes if a level does not have enough free background space to start the game.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Minor inconveniences...
\par \plain\f2\fs20 It is \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 not\plain\f2\fs20  possible to use the terrain editor painting functions with full colour levels. The levels are processed in a different format. If you wish to edit the import graphics, then use Microsoft Paint\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 \'99\plain\f2\fs20 , Adobe's Photoshop\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 \'99\plain\f2\fs20\cf0\b  \plain\f2\fs20 or a similar application.
\par 
\par It is \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 not\plain\f2\fs20  possible to play on full colour custom levels in Internet games unless every player has the same level, since the time taken to transmit the file to each player would be too prohibitive.
\par 
\par Some clipping of the level may occur if the height is too great (i.e. more than 696 pixels).\tab 
\par \plain\f2\fs14 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Unfortunately it is \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 not\plain\f2\fs20  possible to edit the starting water level with a full colour custom level. This is due to the fact that changing the water level would mean re-processing of the image every time, which takes time. Should you wish your level to start nearer the water, we suggest that you edit the image directly in an image processing application and move the graphics towards the bottom of the screen. 
\par 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 3.1\tab \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i Using the graphics
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Import file destination folder requirements and implementation\plain\f2\fs20 
\par Simply copy your image to the \plain\f2\fs20\cf4\b USER/IMPORT\plain\f2\fs20  folder in the \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Worms Armageddon \plain\f2\fs20 game directory (an optional shortcut can made to the desktop for this purpose). 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 3.2\tab Options
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Stretch or centre the image
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you load an image which is smaller than the terrain size (i.e. less than 1920x696 in proportion) you will be asked if you would like to;
\par 
\par \pard\li360\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Stretch the image\tab - in this case the image will be stretched to fill the entire terrain area. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Centre the image\tab - in this case the image will be placed in the middle of the terrain.
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \tab \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 3.3\tab Hints and tips to make the most out of Custom Levels\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Colour Usage
\par \plain\f2\fs20 It is important to realise that Worms Armageddon uses a fixed colour palette during the game. This is for a number of technical reasons, not least the performance of the game's sprite engine. 
\par 
\par Since it is a fixed palette, all the colours for everything on screen must be included in this palette, including colours that must not change (i.e. Worm colours, weapon colours and effects, water, explosions etc.) 
\par 
\par The number of colours than can change during a level is fairly limited and the editor will have to take all this into consideration when it colour-processes any image that you import. The result being that the more colour information the picture is comprised of, the lower quality the results will be. Colour digitised images are most likely to be grainy and washed out in appearance.
\par 
\par To get an idea of what the results may be \plain\f2\fs20\i before\plain\f2\fs20  you import the image, you could use a colour reduction tool in a graphics application to reduce the image to 64 or 128 colours (a 6 or 7bit colour palette).
\par 
\par For these reasons, it's quite important to 'clean up' your image before importing it into the editor, removing large areas of background and colour that would otherwise consume areas of the colour palette.
\par 
\par The best way to build levels is to draw onto, begin from or render to a black background.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Image Size
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The smaller an image is, the greater loss of detail will be when stretched up to fill the level. If you would like to make the best use of the available area, then create a new image which is 1920x696 pixels in size and save your import levels with that size.
\par 
\par The editor currently doesn't handle very small images well.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Background Considerations
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you intend importing digitised images, you will have to consider that a lot of images will result in a 'solid' level since there is not much background. The game will create holes to play in, but the level will not play particularly well. It's best to clear some area for background prior to importing. See the notes on colour usage.\plain\f2\fs20\b\i 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Getting your created images to other people
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The world wide web is by far the best method, many WORMS sites exist and it's also a tremendous source for multitudes of images you could use as imported levels - search away!
\par 
\par Check out \plain\f2\fs20\b http://worms.team17.com\plain\f2\fs20  for files and links to other sites that carry files.\plain\f2\fs20\b\i 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs24\b 4.0\tab IN-GAME MODIFICATONS\plain\f2\fs24 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Worm Placement
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When the game cannot place Worms in the current landscape, it will endeavour to place Worms either by placing a small girder in open space or by creating a hole in which to put the Worm. This process is automatic and is more likely to be used when encountering user-defined landscapes with little or too much land area. The result of this can be seen within the terrain editor.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Manual Worm Placement
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 An option has been added which provides the opportunity for players to teleport their Worms into the playfield at the beginning of a round. The game continues when all Worms are placed. This feature is in the game options and is meant for pure strategists.\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Weapons Arriving As Reinforcements
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When weapons are subject to delays (configurable in the weapon options) they will appear shaded in the Weapon selection box and the text of the weapon will be red. You are notified by the message system if Reinforcements arrive.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Border In Cavern Levels
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A border will now be placed at the top of Cavern levels \endash  this is to ensure that Worms can't 'cheat'. When playing in such a level, the scrolling is locked.  
\par 
\par An optional full border (completely encompassing the terrain) is available within the terrain menu and, in effect, means that it is impossible for worms to drown.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i The Viking Axe
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 U\plain\f2\fs20 sing the Axe with slice half of the energy off any Worm touched.It will only kill a Worm which has 1 unit of energy, but can be devastating against a Worm with a lot of energy!
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Hostage Worms
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Note that some missions require the player to guard special Worms. These Worms are recognised by the special crown they wear. They cannot be moved.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Lingering Fire\plain\f2\fs20\cf0\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A special feature has been added to the Petrol Bomb weapon in that this weapon produces fire which burns for a number of turns, providing you with the means to set up a burning section of the terrain as traps.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i 
\par Default Schemes
\par \plain\f2\fs20 We have provided a variety of different game schemes for you to experiment with. 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Enable Super Weapons
\par \plain\f2\fs20 You can now turn the more powerful 'super weapons' on or off. They're still quite rare, but more conservative players may prefer a more balanced game without them.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Caves in the Terrain Editor
\par \plain\f2\fs20 There is a rule which applies to landscapes which affects whether they will play as Islands or Caverns (Caverns have a bordered roof and the game will not scroll outside the playfield area).
\par 
\par If the top line or sides of the terrain are touched, the level will automatically play as a Cavern. This is indicated by a striped border appearing about the level and is further reinforced by the help text.
\par 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20\b\i 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 5.0\tab SPEECH BANKS
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Worms Armageddon features the ability to create or modify any of the existing Speech Banks using ordinary wave format (\plain\f2\fs20\b .wav\plain\f2\fs20 ) sound samples. It is also compatible with the hundreds of the existing Worms2\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 \'99\plain\f2\fs20  soundbanks that are available on the Internet.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 5.1\tab Using the Sound Bank Editor
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The Sound Bank Editor is a separate utility from the main Worms Armageddon program and runs in the Windows desktop environment for total ease of use when transferring sound files. 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Scheme
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Select a sound-bank file from the list. This list is obtained by looking in the \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 USER\\SPEECH\plain\f2\fs20  folder within your Worms Armageddon directory. 
\par 
\par To add soundbanks, simply place them within this folder. The Sound Bank Editor and the game will then automatically detect a given soundbank and make it available for use.
\par 
\par By default, the English set has been placed in the folder to enable you to start modifying a new set immediately.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Save As...\plain\f2\fs20\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 When you have finished modifying your sound-set, you can save it with a new name. This will be created in the \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 USER\\SPEECH\plain\f2\fs20\b  \plain\f2\fs20 folder and will be detected by the game. You can copy this folder to friends or upload onto the Internet.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Delete
\par \plain\f2\fs20 You can opt to delete the selected set if you wish.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Sample List
\par \plain\f2\fs20 A list of the samples that are used in the game are shown in the main screen. Also displayed is the size of the sample, it's important to realise that larger soundsets take much more memory to run (affecting the performance of the game, considering up to six different sound-banks can be loaded at any one time).
\par 
\par You can double-click on a name to hear the current sample held for that effect.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Play
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Play the currently highlighted sample.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Stop
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Stop playing the current sample.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Set
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Brings up a file selection box, you can look for other samples to replace the current one. You may also preview (hear) the samples you are looking at whilst you do this.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Restore
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you make any changes, you can restore the sample set to default.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Game loading speed\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Since all the default speech banks (some 50+) are now held on the game CD, you can increase loading performance by having these speech banks present on your Hard Drive (in \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 USER\\SPEECH\plain\f2\fs20 ). However, please note that each set takes up 1-4mb in size. All the supplied sound sets would take up in excess of 120Mb of hard drive space!
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 6.0\tab CUSTOM BANNERS
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Worms Armageddon features the ability to modify a team banner or flag. Simply change/modify one of the flags in \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 USER\\FLAGS \plain\f2\fs20 in the Worms Armageddon directory, save it and you can access it in the game (from within team options). You may edit and create new flags by using Microsoft Paint(R).
\par 
\par This facility is really useful for players who enjoy Allied (CLAN) games on network events.
\par 
\par A number of user designed flags have been included with the game, our thanks to everyone who submitted them.
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\lang1033\f2\fs24\b 7.0\tab \plain\f2\fs24\b TROUBLESHOOTING
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Should you have any difficulties running Worms Armageddon, please check below for common problems and solutions. If you continue to experience difficulties, contact the Team17 support department. As with the majority of entertainment titles that run under Windows\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  \plain\f2\fs20 operating system, you should ensure that you have the maximum amount of system resources available. 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 7.1\tab General Game Information\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Recommendations\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li360\ri-37\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Run Worms Armageddon directly after initialising your system.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Increase your amount of system RAM.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Use a video card that has a minimum of 2Mb RAM and preferably one with 4Mb or more of memory for playing in high detail and high resolution.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Play Worms Armageddon at a lower graphic detail level. There are six detail levels available that defaults to a maximum setting when the game is run initially. This setting can be changed in-game by using the INSERT key.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Ensure that your hard drive has enough free space available should Windows\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  \plain\f2\fs20 need it to create virtual memory.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Use the same sound sample bank for all teams in the game. This will ease the system RAM requirement of the game.
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\li360\ri-37\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20\cf2 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Do not install and run the game in compressed partitions if at all possible.
\par \pard\li360\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20\cf2 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Do not run the game in unison with background applications resident. Problems may occur especially with software that puts high demand on system resources or has scheduling options such as disk scanners, disk de-fragmentation programs or virus checkers. It is also advisable if you are running Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 or later that you should disable the active desktop before commencing play.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Do not run the game in unison with background tools resident that either generates a \plain\lang1033\f2\fs20\cf2 toolbar on your Windows desktop or alternatively has an icon on within your Windows taskbar. \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 For example\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20\cf2  if your system has the Microsoft Office toolbar enabled please close this down before commencing play.\plain\f2\fs20\cf2 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Do not minimise or task-switch during play and quit out of the game should you require access to the full resources available on your system. Worms Armageddon is not designed to run at the same time as other major Windows titles and applications. Continually minimising and task switching between the game and other applications may lead to system problems due to the amount of resources required. 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Media Care
\par \plain\f2\fs20 CD-ROM discs can be susceptible to producing errors if not correctly taken care of and there are a few steps you may take to minimise these problems:
\par 
\par \pard\li360\ri-37\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Ensure that the CD is not written upon, bent or labelled with stickers.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Handle the CD by the edge to avoid marking the surface with scratches, dirt or dust.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Store the CD in a location that is not prone to extreme heat or humidity.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Store the CD safely in the case provided when not in use to avoid marking the surface with scratches, dirt or dust.
\par \pard\tx0\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\plain\f2\fs20 
\par It is not possible to join a network game without a Worms Armageddon CD in your drive even if the game is installed on your system. 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Keyboard Limitations
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Some keyboards are limited in that they may not recognise certain combinations of three or more simultaneously pressed keys. If this is evident during play this is not software based but is directly attributed to the hardware limitations of the keyboard. 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Creative Labs SoundBlaster AWE-64\plain\f4\fs20\cf1\i \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you are experiencing problems, we recommend that the card reverb option is disabled.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Advanced Gravis UltraSound\plain\f4\fs20\cf1\i \'e2\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i  based soundcards
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This range of soundcard utilises a proprietary volume control system that works separately from the standard Windows volume controller. You may experience problems with an extreme changing of volume levels in this case. To rectify alter the volume setting through the UltraSound Mixer. More information on this can be found within the documentation provided with your soundcard. \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 For further details on this please visit their website at \plain\f2\fs20\cf4 http://www.gravis.com\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  or alternatively contact your hardware vendor. This \plain\lang1033\f2\fs20 could possibly exhibit problems and \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 may also be true\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20  with other soundcard types that incorporate a similar proprietary volume control system.\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 8.0\tab NETWORK TROUBLESHOOTING
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Should you have any difficulties running Worms Armageddon over network, please check below for common problems and solutions. If you continue to experience difficulties, contact the Team17 support department.
\par 
\par \pard\li720\ri-37\fi-720\plain\lang1033\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 8.1\tab \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i General Network Information
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Recommendations
\par \pard\li360\ri-37\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Worms Armageddon supports connection methods under both the IPX and TCP/IP protocols. These are accessible from the network connection screen. We do however recommend that if you have an IP address available that you choose TCP/IP protocol over IPX as your particular method of connection especially over LAN. This will enable you to ensure that you receive the maximum performance possible from your network games.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}If you encounter any network problems whatsoever please establish that you actually have a viable connection under your chosen protocol. We have listed basic details on possible causes and solutions under each protocol later in this section. However, if you are in any doubt at all on the reliability of your connection please contact your network administrator or ISP for assistance.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}If you are experiencing problems with connection it is possible that your network could include devices such as switches, routers, bridges or firewalls within its structure. In this instance contact your network administrator for a viable solution or consult the firewall support section later in this section.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Ensure that the Host machine for network play has the highest specification and the fastest available network connection. As this machine manages information for the Client players you may experience possible slowdown or unacceptable game framerate if this is not followed.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}If you are experiencing slowdown with a large amount of players or spectators please reduce the level of entrants to the game accordingly. 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}ALWAYS\plain\f2\fs20  connect to the closest possible server available within your locale. 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b Note:\plain\f2\fs20\cf2  Team17 Software Ltd is unable to guarantee that all game servers will be available 100% of the time. Should a server fail, then it will restart as soon as possible. We have attempted to make the server connections as reliable as possible.\plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Ingame Chat Menu 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Using the PgDn key will open the in-game chat menu box. Similarly the PgUp key will remove it from view. It is also possible to chat directly to other players and spectators via the 'F' keys while the chat box is in use. 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Local Area Network problems
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Ensure that you have the correct protocols and network libraries installed and working prior to play. If your machine is on a local area network, please check with your network administrator to rule out any problems.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Firewall support
\par \plain\f2\fs20 In addition to the firewall settings being set in the server configuration, the firewall administrator must make available port 6667 (outgoing) and the high ports (client side).
\par 
\par WORMNET uses both Http (World Wide Web) and IRC (Internet Relay Chat) protocols, the IRC protocol uses a single TCP socket connecting to port 6667 on the server (client port is normally a random high port).
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 8.2\tab IPX / SPX Protocol\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i 
\par 
\par IPX / SPX Protocol LAN Connection\plain\f2\fs20\cf4 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf2 Please note that it is not possible to play a game of Worms Armageddon under IPX protocol via the Internet. Although IPX can exist in some form on the Internet with the help of programs such as Kali, Worms Armageddon will only work on true IPX networks. If you wish to play via the Internet please refer to the TCP/IP Protocol Connection later in this section.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 It is strongly advisable that games are played under an identical IPX / SPX connection environment. Machines must have the same frame type and if possible the same network drivers also. Worms Armageddon has been tested extensively under drivers such as the Microsoft\plain\f4\fs20 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20  IPX / SPX compatible protocol for Windows 95 / 98 and Novell\plain\f4\fs20 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20  IPX ODI protocol and these are highly recommended. You may experience incompatibility problems or a conflict between different manufacturer network drivers.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i IPX / SPX Protocol LAN Connection Problems
\par \plain\f2\fs20 It is important to check the properties of your network settings within your Windows\plain\f4\fs20 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20  control panel. You must ensure that this section has included within it an IPX / SPX compatible protocol. If this is not included you may alternatively require a Novell\plain\f4\fs20 \'e2\plain\f2\fs20  IntranetWare IPX 32bit protocol for your system. 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20 If you select IPX / SPX as the protocol, you must have SPX available as well as IPX. In some circumstances it may be possible that only IPX is available, in this case the IPX/SPX protocol button should be disabled automatically. This protocol has been tested with the IPX/SPX provided with Windows 95/98, it is unsure how any other IPX protocol provider may behave.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i 8.3\tab TCP/IP Protocol
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i TCP/IP Protocol LAN Connection\plain\f2\fs20 
\par Connection under LAN is very simple as Worms Armageddon will automatically look for IP addresses running the game.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i TCP/IP Protocol Internet Connection
\par \plain\f2\fs20 You need a TCP/IP connection (and a valid IP address, dynamic or fixed) in order to play via the Internet and connect to a Worms Armageddon game server or other user via direct connection.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i TCP/IP Protocol Connection Problems
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you are experiencing problems with connection please find a few possible solutions below to alleviate your problem. Please note that if you are connecting via the Internet, some online services such as AOL\plain\f4\fs20 \'e3\plain\f2\fs20  or Compuserve\plain\f4\fs20 \'e3\plain\f2\fs20  may automatically have become inactive if you have not accessed for a given period. Note that if you cannot obtain an Internet connection at all then you should really contact your network administrator or ISP for a viable solution.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Ping Command
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 Despite our best endeavours, we cannot control the speed of connections and data flow over the Internet. This option within the network menu allows you to establish if your IP address and other IP addresses are currently active and working. It also determines the general overall quality of your Internet connection to other players. This sends a small amount of data to another specified computer IP address and estimates the incurred time period for transfer to and from it.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Kick Player
\par \plain\f2\fs20 If you are hosting a game and feel that a poor Internet connection is likely to affect the general performance of the game, you may opt to exclude a given player.\plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par \plain\f2\fs20  
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\i Winipcfg Command
\par \plain\f2\fs20 In Worms Armageddon your IP address can be obtained from within the network screen under your connected machine name. However on some systems, especially if you have two possible Internet connection methods such as a network card and a dial-up adapter you will have to use the winipcfg command within Windows to establish your active IP address.
\par 
\par From the Windows startbar select 'Run\'85' and in the text box now type 'winipcfg'. When selecting 'OK' a window should be displayed. This contains all the relevant information relating to your IP configuration including your currently active IP address.
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\tx0\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\plain\f2\fs20\cf2\b Note:\plain\f2\fs20\cf2  It is not possible to join a network game without a Worms Armageddon CD inserted in your CD-ROM drive even if the game has already been previously installed on your system. 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 9.0\tab CREDITS
\par \plain\f2\fs20\b 
\par PC DEVELOPMENT TEAM
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Karl \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Diablo'\plain\f2\fs20  Morton \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Lead Programming & Design
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Danny Cartwright\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Lead Art & Design
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Andy \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Worm'\plain\f2\fs20  Davidson\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Original Concept & Design
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Bjorn \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Dr.Awesome\plain\f2\fs20 ' Lynne\tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Music & Sound-FX
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Colin \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Satan'\plain\f2\fs20  Surridge\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Menu System
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Phil \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Filthy'\plain\f2\fs20  Carlisle\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Network & WORMNET System
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Rob \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Spog'\plain\f2\fs20  Hill\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 DX Interface Implementation / Code Support
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Martin \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Trekkie'\plain\f2\fs20  Randall\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 DX Interface Implementation / Installer
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Tone \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Anon'\plain\f2\fs20  Senghore\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Background Graphics / Mission Graphics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Jan K. Ruud\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Mission Graphics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The Oakley Twins\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Mission Graphics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Rico Holmes\tab \tab \tab \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 -\plain\f2\fs20\cf1  Additional Graphics\plain\f2\fs20 
\par The 3D Boyz\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Additional Graphics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Paul Robinson\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Additional Graphics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Porl Dunstan\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Mission Design
\par \plain\f2\fs20 John Eggett\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Mission Design
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Craig Jones\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Assistant Producer
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Martyn \plain\f2\fs20\i 'Spadge'\plain\f2\fs20  Brown\tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Producer\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0\b VOICE ARTISTS
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0\b\ul 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Matin\'e9e Studios, Bjorn Lynne, Martyn Brown, Fraser Stewart, Richard Palmer, Cris Blyth, Rico Holmes, Andy Davidson, Jani Savolainen, Sami R\'e4ih\'e4 and Jukka Kauppinen.
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0\b 
\par QUALITY ASSURANCE
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0\ul 
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Kelvin Aston\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Senior Test
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Mark Baldwin\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Senior Test\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par John Eggett\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Senior Test
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Grant Towell\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Quality Assurance
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Andy Aveyard\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Quality Assurance\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par Paul Webb\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Quality Assurance\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 
\par Kevin Carthew\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Quality Assurance
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Brian Fitzpatrick\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Quality Assurance\plain\f2\fs20\cf0  
\par Paul Field\tab \tab \tab - \plain\f2\fs20\cf1 Quality Assurance Manager\plain\f5\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs24\b 10.0\tab LEGAL NOTICES\plain\f5\fs20 
\par 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i License Agreement 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This software, manual and packaging accompanying it are copyrighted, with all rights reserved. You may not copy or otherwise reproduce any part of the software or the manual, except that you may load the software into a computer as an essential step in executing the software on the computer. The original and any backup copies of the software and the manual are to be used only in connection with a single computer. You may physically transfer the software from one computer to another, provided that the software is used in connection with only one computer at a time. You may not transfer the software electronically from one computer to another over a network. You may not distribute copies of the software or the manual to others.
\par 
\par YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, TRANSFER, SUBLICENCE, RENT, LEASE, CONVEY, TRANSLATE, CONVERT TO ANY PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE OR FORMAT OR DECOMPILE OR DISASSEMBLE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY COPY, MODIFICATION OR MERGED PORTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THE LICENSE.
\par \pard\plain\f5\fs20 
\par \pard\ri-37\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\b\i Epilepsy Warning
\par \plain\f2\fs20\cf0 Computer monitors usually display at a sufficient high frequency so that in most situations they do not induce any seizures from displayed images, even with individuals already diagnosed as having photosensitive epilepsy. However there are very rare extreme cases of people having been susceptible to high flash frequencies (flashing lights or patterns) even though they have not been previously diagnosed as having epilepsy. This can sometimes result in the form of an epileptic seizure or even a loss of consciousness.
\par 
\par In the interests of your health and safety if you do have any form of epilepsy please consult a physician prior to playing. Similarly, this is also advised if a member of your family suffers from epilepsy. During play if you are experiencing dizziness, headache, muscle or eye spasms, vision problems, disorientation or any ill effects whatsoever discontinue play immediately. When playing Worms Armageddon we recommend the following steps to minimise any possible risk:
\par 
\par \pard\li360\ri-37\fi-360\tx360{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Do not play for prolonged periods, especially when suffering from tiredness or sleep deprivation.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Make sure that the room you are playing in is well lit, preferably with an ordinary light rather than from a fluorescent tube.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Have regular break intervals between play sessions, preferably 10 to 15 minutes every hour.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Do not situate yourself too close to the screen.\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\plain\f5\fs20 
\par }
 